Express is a simple web framework for
Node.js that offers powerful tools for web applications.
Express has a great deal of love in
the development community and we'll cover some of the most popular uses for Express.
Express gives easy access to
common web application settings like the port to use for connecting a Local Server.
Express also allows you to use HTTP routes and requests with easy handlers,
which makes the life of a developer so much easier.
Middleware. Middleware is one of
the hardest part of bringing really any big web project together,
Middleware is the glue that holds the different parts together.
So an example for us is,
we're going to need a data parser,
something that takes in the data from the web and parses it
back and forth between the server in case they're speaking slightly different languages,
like String vs JSON.
One of the most simple but powerful applications of Express is the.Use method.
This allows us to instruct our application to
use the necessary Middleware such as body-parser.